we're back at peg number six again today
and i'm here with Louis who appears to
be incredibly wet at the mower but
knowing why are you so wet well i'm
nimah dad were both just sitting here
next to the rods for a couple of hours
and no one else has captured on the
lakes i tried a few different tactics
for resale rods reset the traps offing
and yeah my dad was in the war for the
last two hours surfing and I'll sitting
there on my phone and anyway dad got to
start dinner and that's all for you and
here the rod just rattled off complete
like one tonner try to try to snag us up
in this Bay round here but just had to
give us a pepper around the corner and
then when we got in the dance when I
finally figured out there was one of the
only original yeah roll track so
actually so it's the second original
that you guys have actually had out and
actually there's only two bingo at the
competition so that's a yes another
record that's being said
that is common earlier was at 14 kilo
and yeah it was pretty proud with that
and we didn't think we could top off but
we just did with that lovely little
linear there so yeah we're great stuff
you guys are in the lead of the
competition we've got to what about 14
hours left now so yes getting tense yeah
get intense hopefully will be a pull
through but as other gang members on
this like so you know the night they
could have a big few hits or fencer
excellent so one word how do you feel
having caught that fish ecstatic I think
thumbs up to be fair exactly that's
great well good luck look forward to
coming back down and seeing a bit more
later on yeah I see a good luck